Add additional 3rd party CAN devices (#2823)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/can-devices/third-party-devices.rst

### CTRE Motor Controllers

- **Talon FX (with Falcon 500 Motor, Kraken x60 motor, and Kraken x44)**

>     - API Documentation (v6: [Java](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix6/release/java/com/ctre/phoenix6/hardware/TalonFX.html), [C++](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix/release/cpp/classctre_1_1phoenix_1_1motorcontrol_1_1can_1_1_talon_f_x.html) | Pro: [Java](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenixpro/release/java/com/ctre/phoenixpro/hardware/TalonFX.html), [C++](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenixpro/release/cpp/classctre_1_1phoenixpro_1_1hardware_1_1_talon_f_x.html))

Reviewer: the pro API links should be removed. They were superseded by v6.

Author: Should be fixed now.

    - [Software Documentation](https://v6.docs.ctr-electronics.com/en/stable/docs/hardware-reference/talonfx/index.html)

- **Talon SRX**

    - API Documentation ([Java](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix/release/java/com/ctre/phoenix/motorcontrol/can/WPI_TalonSRX.html), [C++](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix/release/cpp/classctre_1_1phoenix_1_1motorcontrol_1_1can_1_1_w_p_i___talon_s_r_x.html))
    - [Hardware User's Manual](https://ctre.download/files/user-manual/Talon%20SRX%20User's%20Guide.pdf)
    - [Software Documentation](https://v5.docs.ctr-electronics.com/en/stable/ch13_MC.html)

- **Victor SPX**

    - API Documentation ([Java](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix/release/java/com/ctre/phoenix/motorcontrol/can/WPI_VictorSPX.html), [C++](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix/release/cpp/classctre_1_1phoenix_1_1motorcontrol_1_1can_1_1_w_p_i___victor_s_p_x.html))
    - [Hardware User's Manual](https://ctre.download/files/user-manual/Victor%20SPX%20User's%20Guide.pdf)
    - [Software Documentation](https://v5.docs.ctr-electronics.com/en/stable/ch13_MC.html)

### CTRE Sensors

- **CANcoder**

>     - API Documentation (v6: [Java](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix6/release/java/com/ctre/phoenix6/hardware/CANcoder.html), [C++](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix6/release/cpp/namespacectre_1_1phoenix_1_1platform.html#ad0cac06e0817cbcfe20851a8619a19a8a13b25ca6c3f7037c0f6e13b59cc1e571) | Pro: [Java](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenixpro/release/java/com/ctre/phoenixpro/hardware/CANcoder.html), [C++](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenixpro/release/cpp/classctre_1_1phoenixpro_1_1hardware_1_1_c_a_ncoder.html))

Reviewer: ditto

    - [Hardware User's Manual](https://store.ctr-electronics.com/content/user-manual/CANCoder%20User's%20Guide.pdf)
    - [Software Documentation](https://v6.docs.ctr-electronics.com/en/stable/docs/hardware-reference/cancoder/index.html)

- **Pigeon 2.0**

>     - API Documentation (v6: [Java](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix6/release/java/com/ctre/phoenix6/hardware/Pigeon2.html), [C++](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix6/release/cpp/namespacectre_1_1phoenix_1_1platform.html#ad0cac06e0817cbcfe20851a8619a19a8a7bd5c8d59e1daa07d31aa1d7116c5c64) | Pro: [Java](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenixpro/release/java/com/ctre/phoenixpro/hardware/Pigeon2.html), [C++](https://api.ctr-electronics.com/phoenixpro/release/cpp/classctre_1_1phoenixpro_1_1hardware_1_1_pigeon2.html))

Reviewer: ditto

## Redux Robotics

> Redux Robotics currently offers the Canandcoder :term:`CAN` + :term:`PWM` magnetic encoder, the Canandcolor :term:`CAN`-enabled color sensor, and the Canandgyro :term:`CAN`-enabled gyro.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Redux Robotics currently offers the HELIUM Canandmag :term:`CAN` + :term:`PWM` magnetic encoder, the Canandcolor :term:`CAN`-enabled color sensor, and the Canandgyro :term:`CAN`-enabled gyro.
```

### Redux Sensors

- **HELIUM Canandmag**

    - API Documentation ([Java](https://apidocs.reduxrobotics.com/current/java/com/reduxrobotics/sensors/canandmag/package-summary), [C++](https://apidocs.reduxrobotics.com/current/cpp/namespaceredux_1_1sensors_1_1canandmag))
    - [Technical Manual](https://docs.reduxrobotics.com/canandmag)

- **Canandcolor**

    - API Documentation ([Java](https://apidocs.reduxrobotics.com/current/java/com/reduxrobotics/sensors/canandcolor/Canandcolor.html), [C++](https://apidocs.reduxrobotics.com/current/cpp/classredux_1_1sensors_1_1canandcolor_1_1Canandcolor.html))
    - [Technical Manual](https://docs.reduxrobotics.com/canandcolor/index.html)

> - **BORON CANandgyro**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **BORON Canandgyro**
```
